#labels Featured,p2,Phase-Deploy,eclipse,helios
#A plug-in import/export the p2 installation to/from configuration file.

= Introduction =

*This feature has been contributed to p2 itself, you can find it in Eclipse Indigo(3.7) M7+ now!*

It's a tool to help quickly replicate the p2 installation to other Eclipse instance.
Eclipse provisioning goes into p2 world from Eclipse 3.4. The classical way to install features/plug-ins is NOT recommended that simply copy them into features/plugins folder. And p2 dev team don't consider it's necessary to support installing features/plugins into external folder.
So there is a lot of manual efforts to 'replicate' the same plug-ins in different Eclipse instance, different workstations or different platforms.

This tool can help simplify the installing effort, just export/import the p2 installation to/from file like preference.

Currently this tool also supports importing from another existing Eclipse instance!


= Details =

== How to install ==

- built-in feature since Eclipse Indigo(3.7) M7

- install it from online repository(recommended)
         - [http://kane-toolkit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/p2-replication/repository/3.5/ For Eclipse Galileo]

         - [http://kane-toolkit.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/p2-replication/repository/helios/ For Helios]

- download the [http://kane-toolkit.googlecode.com/files/org.eclipse.equinox.p2.replication_1.0.0.200912241518.jar featured version], then copy it into dropin folder of your Eclipse

== Usage ==

*export*

Choose ‘File' - 'Export'- 'P2' - 'P2 Installation' to export your p2 installation configuration to file.

*import*

Choose 'File' - 'Import' - 'P2' - 'P2 Installation' to import p2 installation from the configuration file. 

Choose 'File' - 'Import' - 'P2' - 'From existing installation' to import features/plugins from another existing Eclipse instance to save time to download them. 

Notes: the already installed features can't be installed again.